Last time on "Sonic X"...
After tricking Knuckles
into giving him
the 6 Chaos Emeralds,
Dr. Eggman kidnapped Chris,
holding him hostage
on the Egg Fort II.
Soon Dr. Eggman's robot Lucky
returned
with the seventh emerald.
But just as Eggman
was about to grab it,
Sonic showed up
to thwart his plan.
Determined to get
the last emerald,
Eggman transformed the Egg Fort
II into the Egg-sterminator,
a gargantuan super-bot powered
by the Chaos Emeralds.
The Egg-sterminator
captured Sonic,
but Chris broke free
and grabbed the emeralds,
only to find himself rescued
by Rouge the Bat.
But Rouge dropped the emeralds
into the sea.
All seven emeralds
came together,
and it was Chaos Control time.
Were Sonic and his friends
sent back home?
Are Tails and Chuck with them?
Or did something even more
unbelievable happen?
There's only one way
to find out.
Stay tuned.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Thunder rumbling]
[Explosion]
Ribbit!
Ooh!
Wait for me, Froggy!
Ribbit!
I think you're trying to
tell me something.
Wow!
What's this?
Sure is pretty.
Somebody must have dropped it.
Finders, keepers, right, pal?
Ribbit!
Ribbit! Ribbit! Ribbit!
[Groaning]
What's the matter, little buddy?
Hey, am I seeing things?
You're growing a tail.
Ribbit.
Ribbit!
It's been six months,
and I still don't understand
what happened when the Chaos
Emeralds came together.
Sonic and his friends thought
Chaos Control would send them
back to their planet,
but a piece of their planet
was sent here instead.
Still, our citizens appear to be
taking it all in stride,
Mr. President.
In fact, the plans
to turn Mystic Ruins
into a tourist attraction are to
be a great boost to the economy.
Maybe so, but one thing
still has me worried.
Dr. Eggman.
I wouldn't worry about that.
We've got intelligence teams
all over the globe
tracking his whereabouts.
Plans are also underway
to install a new network
of surveillance satellites.
Really?
But no matter how you spin it,
you still haven't managed
to catch him.
- Rouge, please!
- It's true, isn't it?
Who cares about agents
and satellites?
Why don't we all admit
he's just too smart for us?
Rouge is right.
In all this time
since Chaos Control happened,
we haven't heard a peep
out of him.
Isn't it obvious?
He's taking a little break
to plot his next move.
That must be it.
I well understand your
frustration, Mr. President.
We won't let you down, sir.
See that you don't.
Oh, and one more thing.
How are Sonic and his little
friends doing anyway?
Here, sir.
From these pictures, you can see
they're all doing fine.
Delectable as always.
I don't know how you do it,
Ella.
And you never will.
It's my secret recipe.
Would you like some toast with
your scrambled eggs, Ms. Cream?
Yes, please,
and some for Cheese.
Chao!
[Laughs]
I was wondering if you have to
stay after school
for anything special today?
Not today, Grandpa.
Why do you ask?
How would you like to come
to Mystic Ruin with me?
I've been meaning to test
a new aircraft model
at Tails' workshop and thought
you might like to join me.
Sorry, but I'm meeting my mom
downtown after school.
Isn't that right, Cream?
Yeah, it's true.
She wants to show us something.
Ahh!
It'll be good for you to spend
some time together.
Yeah, we've got a lot
to catch up on.
I better get going.
So long, Master Chris.
You study hard, now.
We'll see you at dinnertime.
Okay!
I know you're out there, Sonic.
I sure hope you're okay.
[Whistles]
Not long ago,
this tranquil spot was
the center of a raging battle.
Today the sea is calm
and peaceful,
and there is no sign
of the disturbance
that took place six months ago.
[Thinking] It's no fun
being all by myself.
Nobody to talk to.
[Sighs]
It was so great having
my friends with me.
It was all so exciting.
Every day was like
a new adventure.
And even when Sonic made me mad,
which was most of the time,
I always felt safe around him.
But all that
was before Sonic had to go
and disappear like that
without a trace.
Sonic, where are you?!
Hey, keep it down!
I ain't afraid to call
the authorities!
Sorry!
Why should I worry?
Sonic will come back for me.
I know he will.
Officials are still unsure
as to the whereabouts
of Dr. Eggman.
His location still remains
a mystery.
[Chirping]
DR. EGGMAN: Activate
the main power surge now!
Let's have a bit
of target practice.
[Laughs]
Not too shabby, I'd say.
Your new robots are working
perfectly, Doctor.
Who would have thought?
Robots with animals
built inside!
He did it!
[Laughs]
I am a genius!
Ha-ha!
I've really outdone myself
this time.
Have you ever seen such
exquisitely evil creatures?
I feel like a proud papa.
You, my pets, are the first
of my new "E" Series robots.
You are programmed to receive
orders only from me.
And now it is time
for the roll call.
First up, E-101, Beta.
E-102, Gamma.
E-103, Delta.
E-104, Epsilon.
[Laughs]
As far as the names go,
it's all Greek to me.
Now to create a bit of chaos.
Ahh, my sleekly designed,
brand-spanking-new,
multifunctional flying fortress
handles like a dream.
All right, Egg Carrier.
[Laughs]
Blast off!
I'm back.
And this time nothing
will stand in my way.
Do you like it?
Sure, I like it.
Where did you find it?
I saw it in a jewelry shop,
and I just had to have it.
But it doesn't match
any of my outfits.
Here.
It's yours.
That's awfully generous.
It would look perfect
with your coloring.
- We could sure use it.
- Chao! Chao!
It's settled then.
Now if only we could get you out
of that dreadful bunny costume
and into a smart suit.
What?
But, Mom, that's not a costume.
Cream is a...
[Cellphone rings]
Hi!
Right now?
Fine, I'll be there.
Wait for me.
Oh, Mommy hates to rush off,
but there's trouble on the set.
Apparently, they have to
recast the dog.
It's okay.
We'll do it another time.
Mommy loves you!
- Goodbye, sweetheart.
- Thank you very much!
Chris, it's so pretty.
I can't believe it was
in a jewelry store.
Let's take it home
and show Sonic.
- Okay.
- Chao! Chao!
Ribbit!
Chao!
Cheese!
Are you okay?
Hey, what's this?
It looks like a frog,
but it's got a tail.
Hey, Froggy!
[All shouting]
- Ribbit!
- Come here, Froggy!
Ohh!
Please don't run away!
My buddy!
Sorry, mister.
Your frog friend got tangled up
with our little Chao friend.
You look like
you're kind of lost.
Huh?
[Giggles]
[Both sigh]
Let's try this again.
So your name is Big,
and you came here
with your friend Froggy.
Is that what you're saying?
Hmm?
Mm-hmm.
Told you we'd get
to the bottom of this.
But there's just one thing.
- Oh?
That isn't Froggy!
[Both groan]
He's gone.
Poor Froggy.
What if I never find him?
[Crying]
Don't worry, Big.
You'll find Froggy again.
We'll help you.
Would you like us
to help you find him?
That would be nice.
Froggy!
Where are you?
CHEESE:
Chao! Chao!
Froggy?
We've been out here looking
for hours.
Hey, are you out here,
little buddy?!
- [Leaves rustling]
- Is that you, Froggy?
I don't think that's him.
That looks like the same stuff
Froggy swallowed.
You've seen this before?
I saw him drink it,
and then Froggy grew a tail.
Chao! Chao, chao!
Chao!
Aah!
Don't move.
Just keep calm.
[Screaming]
We better make a run for it
while it's not looking.
- Come on, let's go!
- Okay. Come on!
[Whistles]
All right!
Thought I was gone for good,
didn't you?
Huh?
Uh-oh!
Everybody stay back!
That creature!
Stay back, kid!
We're in trouble!
All right, get ready, boys!
- What is it?
- Aah! Run!
Come on! Come on! Come on!
[Screaming]
I see you have a brain, pal,
so you better use it.
Sonic!
Hey, buddy, good to see you.
Sonic, behind you!
Careful, Sonic!
Whatever it is, it's dangerous!
All right!
Chao! Chao!
Oh, look what it's doing!
It's melting away!
Can't take the heat, huh?
I do hope you'll all forgive me
for dropping in unannounced
this way,
but I simply couldn't miss
out on all the excitement.
Look who's back in town.
Yes, I took a 6-month
Chaos Control break,
but now I'm rested
and ready to rumble.
Go away, Eggman.
Haven't you caused
enough trouble?
One can never cause
enough trouble, my dear,
as you'll soon see.
The emerald!
Here, Chaos.
Have a little snack.
He sure grows on you,
doesn't he?
[Laughs]
You see, Sonic, this new
shape-shifting form of chaos
gains more and more power with
each Chaos Emerald I feed it.
Chaos?
That's right.
This charming creature
is made of pure chaos,
and he's under my control.
Soon the day will come when
I have all 7 Chaos Emeralds,
and when that happens,
we'll be unstoppable.
Back off, pal!
[Laughs]
Sorry, Sonic.
It only takes orders from me.
Now get 'em!
Not so fast!
Knuckles!
All right, Eggman, what did you
do with the Master Emerald?
Knuckles, did something happen
to the Master Emerald?
Yeah, you might say that.
Sonic, what are you doing here?
I might ask you the same thing.
I'm here to talk to Eggman.
I got a couple of pressing
questions only he can answer.
I would love to help you,
Knuckles,
but right now it's feeding time.
A Chaos Emerald!
He has such a healthy appetite.
It just keeps getting bigger.
Look out!
It's some kind of strange form
of pure chaos that gets bigger
every time Dr. Eggman gives it
a Chaos Emerald.
That's right.
Trash everything!
Aah!
[Laughs evilly]
He's shocking, isn't he?
And that's what he's like
with only two measly emeralds.
He doesn't scare me.
Yeah, me neither.
Look out!
You're finished.
Bye-bye!
[Gasps]
Sonic!
Aah!
[Cheering]
Sonic, Knuckles, you did it!
Chao! Chao! Chao!
Think you beat me, eh?
Don't be so sure.
I've got more chaos
where that came from.
We'll handle anything.
Just bring it on!
You guys,
I've got a bad feeling.
Me too.
What if that chaos creature
gets stronger?
Oh!
Chao!
We'll see.